# LaxWebsite
Lax Website. My first website in Comp Sci Honors that centers around the idea of lacrosse.

# MoreAdvancedHTML

For the more advanced HTMl portion of this project, I focused on the look of my website and integrating a custom search engine into my website. All About Lacrosse currently has two pages that are almost identical in style because I used a css document to style both of them. I spent a good amount of time making sure that every element of the website fits in with the black, turquoise, and white color scheme. For the second, and main, more advanced feature of my website I added a custom search engine to my All About Lacrosse page. To do this, I had to create a google custom search and teach it to only search for information from specific websites. As of right now, I have 10 lacrosse-related websites that my custom search engine looks through. To add the custom search engine to my website, I used some div and script tags to access it through google's custom search engine API. What's super cool is that a custom search engine comes with its own GUI that automatically integrates within a website, which made it very easy to get the GUI portion of the custom search engine working with my website. The reason I wanted to add custom search engine to my website is because I want my website to leave the viewer curious. Hopefully they will read through all the general information on the All About Lacrosse page and are left with questions about lacrosse. In turn, I have provided the custom search engine so that the viewer can have those lacrosse questions answered.

# VersionToGrade
